# Outfit_Recommendation_Project

__Project Proposal__
<br> - Chengwei Hu <br> - Kefan Ping

1. __Abstract__: (In 2-4 sentences, describe what problem the project addresses, and the overall approach you will use to solve that problem). We will build an outfit recommendation system/web app. This system will read the user's specific folder in a specific location on the local computer to obtain the photo of the outfit owned by the user. After recognizing the outfits owned by the user, recommend several style matching options for the user to choose by deep learning. This project will also recommend new clothes in their favorite styles to users through methods such as network scraping and NLP.
2. __Planned Deliverables__: Concisely what you are going to create and what capabilities it will have. Are you making a webapp? A Python package for others to use? Code that creates a novel data set? Etc. Please consider two scenarios:
“Full success.” What will your deliverable be if everything works out for you exactly as you plan?
“Partial success.” What useful deliverable will you be able to offer even if things don’t 100% work out? For example, maybe you aren’t able to get that webapp together, but you can still create a code repository that showcases the machine learning pipeline needed to use to support the app. Have a contingency plan!
3. __Resources Required__: Do you need certain data sets? Do you know whether those data sets exist? Are they freely accessible? You should do at least a small amount of research for this part, in which you convince me that there is good reason to believe that you will be able to access or obtain the resources needed for your proposal.
4. __Tools/Skills Required__: What skills will you need? Machine learning, database management, complex visualization, something else? If you know the names of Python packages that you will need to use, include them here. If you’re not sure, just describe the skills or tasks you will need to accomplish.
5. __Risks__: What are two things that could potentially stop you from achieving the full deliverable above? Maybe it turns out that the data doesn’t exist and you need change plan? Or maybe your idea requires more computational power than is available to you? What particular risks might be applicable for your project?
6. __Ethics__: All projects we undertake involve decisions about whose interests matter; which problems are important; and which tradeoffs are considered acceptable. Take some time to reflect on the potential impacts of your product on its users and the broader world. If you can see potential biases or harms from your work, describe some of the ways in which you will work to mitigate them. Remember that even relatively simple ideas can have unexpected and impactful biases. Here’s a nice introductory video for thinking about these questions, and here’s one that goes into somewhat more detail. Here are some relevant examples:
Will your recipe recommender app privilege the cuisines of some cultures above others? For example, peanut butter and tomato might seem an odd combination in the context of European cuisine, but is common in many traditional dishes of the African diaspora. A similar set of questions applies to recommendation systems related to style or beauty.
What data set will your sentiment analysis be trained on? What languages will be included? Will diverse dialects be included, or only the “standard” version of the target language? Who would be excluded by such a choice, and how will you communicate about your limitations?
Will your facial recognition system work well well on all faces, or will it systematically underperform on certain marginalized subgroups? (see the videos above for examples of this.)
7. __Tentative Timeline__: There will be checkpoints for the project at approximately two-week intervals. With this in mind, please describe what you expect to achieve after two, four, and six weeks. At each stage, you should have “something that works.” For example, maybe by Week 2 you’re ready to demonstrate the data acquisition pipeline, by Week 4 you can demonstrate some data analysis, and by Week 6 you have your full machine learning pipeline set up. Please keep in mind that you’ll be asked to present at each of these checkpoints. Showing “something that works” will usually be necessary for full credit. The “something that works” idea is related to the common concept of “minimum viable products” in software development, and is visually illustrated here:
